Page for 7th April event (#56)
RSE-Midlands/rse-midlands.github.io: content/docs/event-7th-april-2025.md

---
title: RSE Midlands 2025
description: Annual RSE Midlands meeting 2025 

> date:

Reviewer: Can't we fill in this date now?

Reviewer 2: I think this is Hugo metadata; I'm not sure what purpose it serves, but changing it doesn't visibly change anything on the page (perhaps it would with a different theme). This has been left blank for other event pages, so I'm inclined to leave it blank here too.

authorbox: false
sidebar: false
pager: false
weight: 1
---

### Agenda

> Below is the Agenda for the day, please not this is may change closer to the event

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below is the agenda for the day. Please note that this is **provisional** and may change closer to the event.
```

> | Time          | Activity                                    |
> | ------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
> | 09:00 - 10:00 | Registration and refreshments - *Arrival, coffee and setup*              |
> | 10:00 - 10:15 | Introduction and welcome - *Introduction and opening of RSE Midlands 2025*                   |
> | 10:15 - 10:30 | RSE Society talk - *Talk from a member of RSE Society about wider RSE community*                           |
> | 10:30 - 11:00 | Group workshop / community discussion       |
> | 11:00 - 11:30 | Refreshments (AM)                           |
> | 11:30 - 12:30 | Academic talk(s) & Baskerville case studies |
> | 12:30 - 13:00 | Lightning Talks (Part 1) - *Short talks by members of the RSE Midlands community*                   |
> | 13:00 - 14:00 | Lunch                                       |
> | 14:00 - 15:00 | SSI + Fellows' talks                        |
> | 15:00 - 15:30 | Lightning Talks (Part 2) - *Short talks by members of the RSE Midlands community*                   |
> | 15:30 - 16:00 | Refreshments (PM)                           |
> | 16:00 - 17:00 | Sponsor / Vendor talks + close              |
> | 17:00 - 17:10 | End                                         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Time  | Activity                                                                 |
| :---- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 09:00 | Registration and refreshments                                            |
| 10:00 | Introduction and welcome                                                 |
| 10:15 | **Community talks:** the Society of Research Software Engineering        |
| 10:30 | **Group activity:** workshop / community discussion                      |
| 11:00 | Refreshments (AM)                                                        |
| 11:30 | **Academic talks:** invited speakers and Baskerville case studies        |
| 12:30 | **Lightning talks** (Part 1)                                             |
| 13:00 | Lunch                                                                    |
| 14:00 | **Community talks:** the Software Sustainability Institute (and Fellows) |
| 15:00 | **Lightning talks** (Part 2)                                             |
| 15:30 | Refreshments (PM)                                                        |
| 16:00 | **Sponsor talks**                                                        |
| 17:00 | End                                                                      |
```

What do you think of something like this?

- borrowing the use of `Talks:`, `Panel:` etc. from the 2024 agenda
- cutting a little detail (more to be added as we confirm speakers etc)
- lining up the `|` table markers 😉 

Not certain on the various `Tags:` or use of bold for these; open to suggestions.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/af9fc2f0-18a0-4dd9-8400-5631ef5e115f)

### Lightning Talks

We are currently seeking expressions of interest from anybody who would like to deliver a lightning talk during the day. Talks will be limited to:

- A maximum of ten minutes in length

> - No more than three slides

Reviewer: Time limit seems ok, but maybe no need to restrict number of slides. Some people are more visual and in 10 minutes then may want to show a larger number of slides with images rather than text.

Reviewer 2: Yeah I think in hindsight my talk last year had ~5 slides. 10 minutes is potentially quite long for  3 slides. I'd be open to upping this to 5 slides and having these as "guidelines" rather than "limits".

Reviewer: That sounds good to me.

Reviewer 2: I changed this to:

>For guidance, talks should generally be:
>
> - A maximum of ten minutes in length
> - No more than five slides

> We are currently seeking expressions of interest from anybody who would like to deliver a lightning talk during the day. Talks will be limited to:
> 
> - A maximum of ten minutes in length
> - No more than three slides
> 
> We are particularly interested in hearing about any **practical tips, tricks, and tools** you use in your everyday career, but this is by no means exhaustive; if you would like to propose a broader topic, please do get in touch.
> Submissions from members of underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged.
> If you are interested in delivering a lightning talk or have any questions about RSE Midlands 2025, please contact [James Tyrrell](mailto:j.m.tyrrell@bham.ac.uk)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are currently seeking **expressions of interest** from anybody who would like to deliver a lightning talk during the day. Talks will be limited to:

- A maximum of ten minutes in length
- No more than three slides

We are particularly interested in hearing about any **practical tips, tricks, and tools** you use in your everyday career, but this is by no means exhaustive; if you would like to propose a broader topic, please do get in touch.

**Submissions from members of underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged.**

If you are interested in delivering a lightning talk or have any questions about RSE Midlands 2025, please contact [James Tyrrell](mailto:j.m.tyrrell@bham.ac.uk) or [Gavin Yearwood](mailto:g.yearwood@bham.ac.uk).
```

- tweaked formatting for consistency with the Slack message we sent out
- added Gavin to list of contacts (unless you'd prefer we didn't?)

I'd like to add more detail to this section, but need to think more on what it should include. This covers everything for now 👍

Reviewer 2: I applied this but changed the bullet points to:

>For guidance, talks should generally be:
>
> - A maximum of ten minutes in length
> - No more than five slides

I've also removed Gavin's name and email for now since he is not here to say yay/nay!
